Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NARRATOR: The time was 1864.
The place: The Wild West
An unbridled age of heroes and villains.
Sheriffs and outlaws.
A land overflowing with water. game. timber
...and creatures from a bygone
and forgotten age of history.
Even now. modern
scholars refuse to accept the
possibility that these
events actually occurred.
But they did.
For an entire year the Wild West
was terrorized by these
flying devils from Hell.
The creatures attacked
furiously and without motive.
They showed no signs of weakness
and it was finally proclaimed
that they were invulnerable.
They were indeed pterodactyls.
Creatures that no man could stop.
Our story begins on a dark and stormy night
in the rustic town of Kirksey. Texas
home to the Debbie Dukes Bordello.
(thunder crash)
(saloon piano playing)
(laughter)
So. I could do my sword trick for you...
(outside door opens)
I'm looking for the man
they call: "The Outlaw"
They call me...
(drinks)
"The Outlaw".
(piano music stops abruptly)
Take a seat. partner.
(thunder crash)
(wind and rain)
Well. I better be hittin'
the ol' dusty trail...
Hold on. partner!
You're among friends... have a seat.
I mean...
SIT. DOWN.
(chair squeaks)
You got 'em?
I traveled more than 600 miles over
the Chisos and Chinte Mountains...
...ahead of all them Mescal.
Comanche. and Apache for four months.
Oh. yeah. I got 'em.
(thunder rumbles)
Oh. they're beautiful.
That they are. That they are.
I'll tell you what: It took a
whole helluva lot to get 'em here.
They said you'd be the man for the job.
(laughter)
(nervous laughter)
(laughter continues)
I can count on one hand the
fellas that coulda pulled this off.
And I'm counting on you to
take that into consideration
in FULL payment.
I reckon you'll get what's coming to you.
(gun cocks)
(tense music)
(another gun cocks)
(tense music continues)
(laughter)
(laughing rises)
(several gunshots)
I'm okay!
They shot each other!
Do you think so?
(rain sounds outside)
Excuse me... excuse me. Miss Parker?
You're Bunny Parker. aren't
you? The famous sharpshooter?
I was there the day you shot
that outlaw: Vincent de Molay.
Vinny de Mole.
That's the one. You're a
legend! A household name!
Is that all?
Oh. no. You're much more. So much more.
What do you want?
I just wanted to meet you.
Well. you met me. Now go away.
Something else?
Well. the truth is ma'am:
Word around town is
that uh... you know...
What?
Well. I really don't know how to say it...
Say what?
Well. ma'am...
(suggestive whispering)
Is that right?
Is that what you heard I do?
Is it true?
Come here.
I'll show ya.
AUURGGHH!
Is that what you wanted?!
Is that what you heard I do?!
You crazy witch! I'll tell the sheriff!
Eh. blow it out your ass!
(bottle shatters)
-Huh! Bunny Parker.
Yeah. Bunny Parker...
I was there the day she shot
Vinny de Mole and saved the town...
...changed my life.
I hear she's living over in Kirskey now.
Kirksey?
I'd love to go and thank her.
-Thank her? For what?
For inspiring me and
many other girls like me.
She's a great role model.
A role model?
(laughs)
-What's so funny?
She's a drunk now.
I'm being serious.
I am too. She's a drunk.
Now. Miss Crawford. you wanted to see me?
I believe it's about Little Jimmy?
-Yes. I don't know how to put this but he's
been having a little difficulty in class.
I'll tell you what Miss Crawford: Jimmy
was never the sharpest tool in the shed.
But. he's going to be a rancher
- he doesn't need to be a genius.
Now. is there anything
else? I'm a busy man.
Well. actually. yes if
you have a moment. sir.
His behavior has been a little unruly.
Unruly. well... (laughs)
I'm afraid so.
Well. my mama always told me.
"Spare the rod and spoil the child."
She'd say it as she was whacking me.
So. what you should do Miss
Crawford is use your switch
or whatever you have
whenever he gets out of line.
-Hello Doris!
(door closes)
-You'll never guess where I was.
I was down at the schoolhouse - teacher
wanted to talk to me about Little Jimmy.
I told her. "Miss Crawford. you
expect me to do your job AND mine?"
How can I do that? How can I split
myself in two and be at the school
taking care of Jimmy and be here?
Truth of the matter is...
Doris. I'd rather be with you.
I love watching you.
Making sure you're comfy.
Making sure you're nice and warm in there.
Look at this:
"Doris Yates."
Bank robbery. arson...
Public nudity...
and mopery.
I had to look that up!
You know what mopery is?
It's exposing yourself to a blind person!
Weeeyooo!
That's nuts!
You are something else. Doris.
I'd like to see if you were still so
brave if these bars weren't between us.
Oh. I think I would.
I think if we tangled.
Doris. I'd come out on top.
So what's a girl gotta do to
get some water around here?
Oh. I understand. You're thirsty?
Water would be nice.
I'd give you some but...
We all out.
(thunder and light rain)
(door creaking)
Make one more move
and it will be your last.
Drop it!
(thunder)
Hands behind your head.
Would you have any interest
in an arrangement that...
Not on your life! Go. Move.
-Stand where I can see you.
Now: Take off your clothes.
What?
Did I studder? Take off your clothes.
Do you even know how
to use one of those things?
-Shut up!
Now...
I'm going to...
(gasp)
(gun clicks)
It's not even loaded.
You know. one of these days you're gunna
have to use one of these things!
I'm a teacher. not a gunslinger!
(loud voices)
-Settle down. ladies! Settle down!
Hey! Settle down!
Profits are way down this year
and we need a gimmick to
start bringing people back in.
I'm open to suggestions...
anybody have anything?
What about a horse-wash?
That sounds complicated.
What if we came to work
dressed like animals?
Sascha here can dress like a porcupine...
I don't think anyone finds porcupines sexy!
That's just you: You're a furry!
We could sell tickets to my sword trick!
Are you being intentionally slow?
Men like biscuits.
I make biscuit.
What kinda biscuit? Because
that could be multiple things.
What about these?
What the hell are these?
I don't know. I found this
bag on the floor the other day.
Maybe it will be a good
way to bring people in.
Huh!
Hmm...
(Jailer snoring)
(rain and thunder)
(snoring continues)
(tense music)
(snoring)
(huge crash outside)
The hell?
-What the hell are you doing?
What time's dinner?
When I'm hungry!
-I'll let you know.
-Did you hear that noise?
Hello?
Anybody out here?
-Hello?
(rain and wind)
(tense music)
(keys jangle)
(loud thump on the roof)
What was that?
Probably just a tree branch or something.
Don't be so jumpy.
(another thump on the roof)
There it is again.
C'mon. it's nothing!
Go back to sleep.
(enormous crash)
(multiple loud thumps on the roof)
(thumps grow louder)
(Pterodactyl screeches)
(heavy rain and thunder)
(pterodactyl screech)
(loud thunder)
(loud screech)
(thunder)
(pterodactyl growls)
(pterodactyl growling)
(pterodactyl screeches)
(shattering glass)
(fire crackling)
(coughing)
(pterodactyl screeches)
(coughing continues)
(coughing)
(pterodactyl screams)
(fire crackles)
NARRATOR: With an
outlaw now on the loose...
Sheriff Steven Winslow had
no time to listen to complaints
of flying monsters.
When asked what he thought of these reports
He went on record as saying. "The
only thing I'm interested in is proof."
"Hard proof that these things are not
the result of overactive imaginations."
Unbeknownst to the sheriff
and the citizens of Kirksey
The proof lay hidden
in the desk of Deborah
Dukes Riley Masterson III.
(door closes)
Isn't it a little bit late
to be making breakfast?
What the hell are you doing here?
That's one helluva egg.
Where'd you get that?
None of your business.
Oh. Debbie. Debbie. Debbie.
-Oh. Jesus Christ.
Look at you: drinking half a dozen
bottles before noon. That's disappointing.
Why? You think I could do more?
I bet you I could
Bunny?
What's the problem?
C'mon Bunny you can tell
me: What's the problem?
I'm gunna make it
crystal clear for you:
I'm broke.
I am so broke.
Well. maybe if you
cleaned yourself up a bit...
-Quit the drinking...
No! No. no no no no!
Look: Can't I come work for you?
Psh! Like Hell!
What? Why not?
"Why not?" Look at you!
Yeah! Look at me! I could do it.
You? A whore?
Your father would turn in his grave!
My father is alive!
This'll kill him!
Just gimme one week; that's all I'm asking.
I'll give you a night.
Fine.
Fine!
Lemme tell you something. Bunny Parker
It's not as easy as it looks!
Men don't just waltz in here from
Laredo looking for your loving!
(door opens)
Hey hey!
(mischievous laughter)
Well. look who it is...
I just dropped by from Laredo
to have me a good time...
Today must be my lucky day.
It SURE is.
Oh. c'mon now!
We don't put our goods on
display unless they're for sale...
Let's go upstairs.
Gimme some of that.
I have a better idea.
I'm sure you do.
-Come with me!
(splat)
That hard-nosed sheriff
wants proof? I'll give him proof.
Hun. that's my birthday roast!
Yeah. you really deserve a birthday
roast after the way you helped me today.
C'mon. Becca. I told the truth!
You honestly don't
remember seeing that thing?
I hardly remember anything!
What DO you remember?
I remember...
...The Alamo?
(exhausted laughter)
(suspenseful music rises)
(splat)
(fireplace crackles)
(sounds of scribbling)
(strange ethereal sounds from satchel)
(strange sounds continue)
(tree branches rustling)
(dinosaur roar in the distance)
(wind blows)
(heavy desert wind)
(pterodactyl roar in distance)
(wings flapping)
(wind blows)
(leaves rustling)
(pterodactyl approaches)
(wings flapping)
(roar)
(pterodactyl chewing)
(chewing continues)
No. Robert. don't...
Robert!
(gunshot)
(pterodactyl growls)
(ROAR!)
Get inside now... NOW!
Hrmmphhh!
(ROAR!)
Hrrmpphhh!
Becca! Becca!!
(ROAR!)
Becca!!!
Noooooo!
(ROAR!)
SHERIFF: "Well. that is
quite the story. ma'am...
...but you don't have any proof I see.
Proof?! It took my husband!
Yeah. well. more than likely he walked
out on you in the middle of the night...
That's a load of horse
manure and you know it.
I wish I did. Miss Crawford.
Good day to you.
Sheriff. time is of the
essence. We have to act now!
What is this WE stuff?
Look...
If you want to find it so badly...
Why don't you form the possee?
Me?!
Yes. you!
If you want to save
that boyfriend of yours...
You're gunna have to do it by yourself.
No...
Not by myself.
(birds and rooster sounds)
(multiple gunshots)
What the hell's got into
you. you crazy witch?
-You get off my property!
The woman is supposed
to make her man breakfast!
I'll make breakfast outta you!
Just who the hell do you think you are?
I'm Bunny Goddamn Parker - that's who I am!
Who are you??
Are you still drunk? I'm George...
(GUNSHOT)
You open your mouth again and I'll
shoot your crotch. Goerge Jameson.
That's my least vulnerable spot!
I'll certainly have difficulty
with so small a target.
You'll be sorry!
-Yeah. yeah!
Roaggghh!
(birds chirping)
Good morning!
Who are you? Why are you behind my tree?
I'm Rebecca Crawford. ma'am.
I was there the day you...
Shot Vinny de Mole!
Yes!
And you were so inspired by
my larger-than-life enterprises
that you just had to come and
see me in the flesh. is that it?
Well. I...
Maybe...
I'm human just like you...
and I can do anything that any other
human can do. Is that such a shock?
No. you're so much more than that.
You're my hero!
(rooster call)
What do you want?
I actually wanna hire
you for an assignment.
I am not a manhunter anymore.
Those days are over.
What about a dinosaur hunter?
(inspiring music)
(desert wind blowing)
(suspenseful music)
(pterodactyl chewing)
(chewing continues)
(wind blows)
(tense music rises)
(whip crack)
(ROAR!)
(intense music)
(sounds of flapping wings)
(music of defeat)
REBECCA: It flew south
out towards the canyons
I think it has a nest there.
And you want me to avenge the
death of your beloved. is that it?
No. he's still alive. I just
want you to bring him back.
Well. that is quite the challenge.
I've seen you shoot.
This should be easy
compared to Vinny de Mole.
Easy? You call this easy?
Yeah!
Vinny de Mole was a midget with an itchy
trigger finger. This is entirely different!
Not for Bunny Parker!
Look. I know you've been
having some trouble lately...
but maybe this is the
job to put you back on top!
Why should this drunken has-been help you?
Because this drunken
has-been happens to be my hero.
And this hero deserves to ride again.
(mysterious music)
(weird egg noises)
Are these them?
Sure are.
Pterodactyl eggs.
Now. what the hell is a... ptero...
Ptero...dactyl?
Half bird... half
snake... and all devil.
We'd like to return the eggs to
its mama and rescue my husband.
You're joking.
The only reason why she's attacking
is because her eggs have been stolen.
So. you're going to waltz
into this bird's house...
...and you're going to ask it nicely to
trade your husband for some of its eggs?
In a nutshell... yes.
(laughing in disbelief)
If you're doing this. I want in.
Really?
You'd stick your neck out for me?
No!
I don't even know you!
No. if this is as big as you say it is...
I wanna stuff it and put it in my parlor.
You're gunna stuff it?
Wouldn't that be something?
And...
If you let me come with you...
I'll give you access to
The Best Chest in the West.
DEBBIE: The Best Chest in the West.
I was expecting
something entirely different.
Where did you get all these?
-When our boys can't pay in cash. we get
'em to pay with something just as valuable.
-Well. they're very nice.
Whaddya say. ladies?
Can this beautiful. young businesswoman
accompany y'all on your adventure?
(music rises)
(gunshot)
(adventure music)
REBECCA: Every journey
starts with a first step.
May the Good Lord be with us.
Onward!
Wait.
What is it?
We're walking?
Is that a problem?
We don't have any horses?
Do you see any horses?
Oh. no. no. no - this will NOT do.
Well. what do you suggest?
(night crickets)
(snoring)
(offscreen horse sounds)
This is awful! I feel awful!
You'll feel worse after a day of walking...
These horses will get
us there in half the time.
Bunny. you're supposed
to be the voice of reason...
Please tell me this is a bad idea.
This is a bad idea.
See?!
Wait. do you mean that? Or
are you just repeating what I said?
(tense music)
Dammit! I thought he
kept this thing unlocked.
That tears it!
No. it doesn't.
(frisky music begins)
Debbie! What the hell are you doing?!
(snoring)
(music begins to rise)
What?!
Who the hell are you?!
I can explain!
You better do so quick!
You wouldn't harm a beautiful
young woman and her two friends...
Two friends!?
Especially since all we wanted to
do was buy some of your fine horses!
You got cash?
Not exactly... no.
(cocks rifle)
BUT!
But...
I'm sure we can find an
alternate form of payment...
can't we. Mr. Wilkinson?
How much did you say those
horses were worth exactly?
(horse neighs)
(keys jangle)
Step lively. girls!
We're burning moonlight!
(adventure theme begins)
(horses galloping)
Yay! Horses!
-Wait. wait. wait! Hold your
horses I dropped my hat!
Okay. now let's go.
Alright. it's your first lesson
as a shooter. schoolteacher.
First. take note of your surroundings.
When the sun casts long shadows. a
man will seem much further than he appears.
At noon the sun will be directly
overhead and a man will seem much closer.
How close is too close?
You'll see too much of him.
You'll see how he sweats.
You'll see how he blinks.
And when you take time to see all that...
He'll kill you.
(gunshot)
See everything and see nothing.
Alright.
Aim the gun.
Look down the barrel of the gun...
...and gently squeeze the trigger.
(sneeze)
(GUNSHOT!)
Well. I guess we'll be
leaving the shooting to Bunny.
No. give her a chance!
Well. I'm moving. I don't
want to be hit by friendly fire.
You know. maybe I'd
be better off with a rifle.
Woah. woah. woah!
What??
You see this rifle?
See it.
Smell it.
Touch it.
Kiss it.
Kiss it!
This here rifle is Dave.
You can see him...
You can smell him...
You can kiss him...
But no one. and I mean no one.
shoots Dave except for Bunny Parker.
Whatever you say.
(desert wind howling)
(wind continues to howl)
(campfire crackles)
You really are devoted
to that husband of yours.
He's all I've got.
I hate to ask this. but what if he's dead?
He isn't.
Yeah. but what if he is?
He's alive and I know it!
Yeah. yeah.
Wait.
Where's my green bag?
What green bag?
The green bag with all the food in it.
I could have sworn...
Wait. you didn't set it down when
we were stealing the horses. did you?
No. of course not.
NARRATOR: Let's put that
statement to the test. shall we?
(film rewinds)
(audience cheers and applauds)
(Stars and Stripes Forever plays)
Oh my God.
The most important satchel
and she leaves it behind.
This isn't my fault.
Then whose fault is it. Deborah?
Shut up. Bunny!
I don't need you to call me Deborah!
You packed whiskey - you didn't pack food?
If anything. it's anything but our fault!
If you would've got horses for us
we wouldn't have had to steal these!
Then you wouldn't have forgotten our food
Is that it?
-Yes!
I figure we have three days
until we reach the canyon.
-I'm going home.
-Like hell you are!
What do you suggest?
We starve halfway there?
We'll find food along the way!
Sure! Manna from
Heaven will fall into our laps.
I say we go back. we
stock up. and we come back later.
Robert might be dead by then!
He might be dead by now. babe!
(GUNSHOT!)
Knock it off!
Wait...
What if we ate one of the eggs?
Debbie!
I mean. we have a bunch
of them! It won't even miss it.
Oh. I'm sure that'll make
the mama real happy.
How do you know the mama
doesn't eat her own eggs?
A mother wouldn't eat her own children!
A human mother! But
we're talking about a ptero...
A ptero...
A PTERODACTYL!
A pterodactyl! Much obliged!
Gimme that.
No! Bunny. help me out here!
I agree with Debbie on this one.
What?!
(stressful music)
Now look at what you did!
So help me God if you...
(cracking sounds)
What?
(cracking continues)
(adorable pterodactyl noises)
Well. I'll be...
And you wanted to eat him!
(adorable pterodactyl noises)
(tense music)
(flapping wings)
(growling)
(ROAR!)
(tense music)
(GUNSHOT!)
(ROAR!)
(adorable baby pterodactyl noises)
When you're done playing
nurse-maid to that thing
could you possibly
shoot us something to eat
before I gnaw off my arm in starvation?!
Have you seen any wildlife this morning?
(suspenseful music)
(silence)
(light wind)
Someone or something scared them off.
(foreboding music)
I can't take this anymore.
Oh my God...
-What do you think you're doing?
- I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Don't do that!
I'm hungry!
Do you even know what those are?
-Berries!
They're gunna make you sick!
-Nah! I got an iron constitution!
(chewing berries)
You're gunna delay us like two hours!
Why? What's gunna happen?
(loud wretching noises)
I know. The stupid lady had to go eat those
poisonous berries after we told her not to
and delay us four hours!
(irritated baby pterodactyl noises)
Terry! No! No! Come back!
-He'll never come back!
(curious baby pterodactyl noises)
No. I think he will. Here.
gimme Debbie's coat.
Hey. Terry! Terry?
Here Terry!
C'mon. boy! C'mon!
(happy baby pterodactyl noises)
(THUNK!)
Hey. how'd you do that?
D'ye ever see a bullfight?
Yeah. so?
Y'know. the matador holds
a red cape and the bull charges?
So?
I think that the same
principle can be applied here.
(Debbie coughing offscreen)
Ladies...
I have come to the
very difficult decision...
I'm going home.
(crickets chirping)
You know. we're not gunna last
much longer if we don't get some food.
Something will turn up.
The odds are on our side.
You really are something.
Y'all smell that?
Someone's cooking chicken.
Not here. girl.
No. I'm serious.
Why don't you go back to bed?
No. wait. I smell it too.
(the girls sniff the air)
What did I tell you? What did I tell you?!
Get down! Are you crazy?
No. I'm hungry! And it's
my fault we're in this mess.
Don't worry. I'll cover you.
Not to worry. ladies. My
methods are much simpler.
Oh. not again.
(campfire crackles)
Well. hey there. boys.
You boys wouldn't be willing to help me and
my friends get a little din-din for tonight
Would you?
Well...
What's in it for us?
(frisky music)
She's got guts. A lot of guts.
What's she gunna do with both of them?
So. what do you say?
What do I say?
Haha! What do you think I say. Debbie?
C'mon out. girls!
-We thought you'd need a hand
so... we came to help you out!
Oh.
We tracked these winged beasts to
their cave at the bottom of that cliff.
-And we picked up a friend along the way.
C'mon out. Doris!
(intense music)
Come to think of it. we should've
just let you think we were men.
Could've had us some fun.
(Distant Roar!)
(suspenseful music begins)
(thunder)
Oh my God.
Here we go again.
Everybody move!
(ROAR!)
-They're coming back around!
(multiple guns cocking)
(epic music begins)
(thunder continues)
-Hold your fire... hold your fire!
-Hold your fire!
(thunder)
Take 'em!
(muskets firing)
(multiple roars)
We have your eggs! We have your eggs!
Jesus. c'mon!
(rifles firing)
(roars continue)
C'mon!
Forget this!
(pistol firing)
(loud roar)
(guns firing)
(wounded pterodactyl screams)
(growling)
(explosion)
(wounded pterodactyl screams)
(baby pterodactyl roar)
(CRUNCH!)
(pterodactyl swallows)
(pained pterodactyl scream)
(splat!)
(baby roar)
(firing continues)
(multiple roars)
(thunder)
(ROAR!)
It's the bandana! Take off the bandana!
I can't hear you - what?!
They're attracted to the color red!
I can't hear you!
Panuelo rojo!
What?!
Paneulo rojo!!
What??!
(ROAR!)
(roars continue)
Haha! I guess it's time to
bring out my sword trick!
(ROARS!)
(sword clanging)
(roar)
(pterodactyl screams in pain)
He's all yours!
(whip crack)
(wings flapping)
(pterodactyl screaming)
(roar)
(wind howls)
(loud thunder)
(roar)
Doris! Doris!!
(growling)
(intense thunder)
(pterodactyl roaring)
(Doris firing pistol)
(roar!)
(Rebecca's gun clicking)
(music rises)
(musket clicks)
(ROAR!)
yyeaaaooowwww!
Ugh!
Aaah!
Huaaogh!
I'm so sick of this.
Eat this. scum!
(tense music)
(roar)
Look out!
Hit the deck!
(EXPLOSION!)
(flames spreading)
(Rebecca coughing)
(distant explosions)
(pterodactyl roars in distance)
NARRATOR: Rebecca Crawford.
Schoolteacher and devoted wife.
Her friends...
...dead from an explosive
and fatal dinosaur attack.
Alone with nothing but a stick of
dynamite. a metal bucket and some string.
And yet. Rebecca Crawford hatches a plan.
A plan so remote...
...so implausible that it
fringes upon insanity.
But it could work.
For her husband...
...it's got to work.
(suspenseful music)
(water dripping in cave)
(baby Terry making noises in bag)
Shh! Shh!
(music continues)
(water drips)
Robert!
(magma boiling and bubbling)
(bones crunching)
(dreadful music begins)
(eggs bubbling)
(eggs continue to bubble)
(offscreen cough)
Robert!
Robert. wake up. please!
Robert. it's me!
Robert. please wake up.
Don't be dead. please wake up.
Robert. it's me...
(Robert breathing)
Oh my God!
Hi!
Becca?
Yeah. it's me!
Oh. thank God! Thank God!
(ROAR!)
(wings flapping)
(Roar!)
(another roar)
(growling)
(roar)
(music rises)
This ends now.
Becca!
What the hell are you doing?
(baby Terry noises)
(music intensifies)
(offscreen roar)
I'm gunna distract it and when it
comes this way. you pull the string.
And then what?
Terry will take care of the rest.
Who the heck is Terry?
What if it doesn't work?
-It will work!
There's four bullets left but
I think the powder is damp.
We're not gunna need it.
-Just in case!
(kiss)
-C'mon. Terry! When you see the
red paint you gotta do your stuff. okay?
-C'mon. we're all counting on you.
(growling)
Hey! Hey!
Hey. you!
How 'bout some geniune 180
proof all Anglo-Saxon. baby?
(ROAR!)
(intense music begins)
(roar)
(growling)
Whoop!
(confused pterodactyl roars)
Get ready. Robert.
-Almost there.
-Get ready.
And...
Do it!
(baby pterodactyl roar)
(big pterodactyl roar)
(scared baby Terry noises)
(growling)
It's stuck!
(baby Terry noises)
(gun misfires)
(gun misfires again)
(growling)
(growling rises)
(blowing air)
(gun misfires)
(growling)
(tense music begins)
I love you. Robert.
(match ignites)
(growling)
(music rises)
(GUNSHOT!)
(Pterodactyl's scream of death)
Hey! Hey!
(heroic music begins)
Oh my God!
(ROAR!)
(musket shot)
(roars)
(pistols cock)
(epic pistols firing)
(gun clicks)
(gunshot)
(pterodactyl screams)
(pistols continue firing)
(gunshot)
(gun cocks)
(roar)
Let's move it!
(ROAR!)
(gunshot)
(wounded scream)
(cave trembles)
(rocks and boulders falling)
(boulders smashing)
(splash!)
(eggs cracking)
(more eggs cracking)
(even more eggs cracking)
(roars)
(sixty-four pterodactyls growling)
Oh. shit!
(sixty-four pterodactyls screaming)
(girls screaming)
(ROARS!)
(magma bubbling)
Aah!
(bubbling magma)
(ROARS!)
-What are you waiting for?
Light the friggin' dynamite!
(ROARS!)
(tense music)
Bunny. you think you
can shoot it from here?
I can't...
I've hurt my hand.
But I know someone who can.
(inspirational music)
You can do it.
We need a new hero.
(gun cocks)
(intense music rises)
(ROARS!)
(intense music builds)
(gunshot)
(EXPLOSION!)
(HUGE EXPLOSION)
(sounds of cave collapsing)
(pterodactyls dying)
(music of success)
There's only one hero in my book.
(baby pterodactyl noises)
I'm sorry there's no carcass
for you to display. Debbie.
(baby pterodactyl noises)
I have a better idea.
NARRATOR: And thus it was done.
Reunion. reward and
redemption for our heroes.
And for Doris Yates and
the girls at the bordello
...who did not die...
...a chance for rejuvenation.
(baby pterodactyl noises)
(saloon piano music)
What can I do for you. love?
-Uh. yeah. uh. can I get some mopery?
You've got five minutes.
-Alright!
-I've been dying for one of these.
-Alright. you gotta help me out here...
...I'm blind.
I'm done.
(happy baby pterodactyl noises)
Now. didn't I tell you my
sword trick would save the day?
Didn't I?
If you knew the drama this caused.
Let's be honest. if it wasn't for
my slip-up with the dynamite...
Would we even be here today?
-You're absolutely right.
Thank you! Can we get more whiskey?
That's how I lost this here eye.
Now. I'll never look at
anything the same way again.
(music of success and happiness)
-Hi. honey!
George Jameson.
That's right. We never did
get to make up now. did we honey??
No. we sure didn't.
I got you something.
Oh. how thoughtful!
Thank you. honey.
Sick 'em. Terry!
(angry baby pterodactyl noises)
-Wait! No! No! NOOO!
Never again.